Four days
What everyone is Kon'nichiwa board side this time doing it using the d server
I think that I want to go, I think that there will be a breaking video day
Well I wonder
This is Boone
As possible is called One
I want to
Well 56 or 57 or 57
This is fine
The
There'm doing Do not planting what is dead
I'm sorry now
Nice if Ya
OK
Maaya
me
Large game
I am
No more
Frame abm here
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Armor time is
Well, people who can win with this and people who can feel good
I can not be offended yet
myself
This Saen
Well it was until you tired of in the not say ok
From about sixty
I got to see you
It was good to have a path that can be a sign of reversal with good feeling on the way not normal and live
Maybe not
Oh dear
It's a much video 2 minutes and also you watch next time was a thank you board Allowed
Then bye bye